Update live view docs with camera firmware settings recommendations (#13370)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/camera_specific.md

:::

:::note

> Live view for many of these cameras may require some additional configuration, see the [Live view](/configuration/live) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many cameras support encoding options which greatly affect the live view experience, see the [Live view](/configuration/live) page for more info.
```
